
The Monitoring PMT Units (MPU) need to be correctly calibrated prior to use.  Please follow the steps below in order to do this.

--------------------------------------------------


1) Connect ONE of the Trigger-In sockets to its respective trigger source (either NI or ORCA ... it does not matter which)
2) Connect the Trigger-Out socket to an oscilloscope with a 50ohm load (either physical or built into the scope)

3) With the lid screwed on securely, turn the power on to the MPU and leave standing for 30 minutes.
	- this will allow the MPU to reach its stable operating temperature, which is important since the various offsets present in the electronics are temperature-dependent.

4) Remove the lid of the MPU

-- the following 2 steps 5) and 6) must be performed IN THE SPECIFIED ORDER
-- see "Monitoring_PMT_Setup.jpg" for visual aid
5) Connect a multimeter (with the highest DC voltage resolution scale) to the PMT-Out socket, and adjust the RV2 variable pot (located in the middle of the analogue board) until the multimeter reads exactly 0.
6) Connect the multimeter to the Sampled-Out socket, and adjust the RV1 variable pot (located at the corner of the analogue board) until the multimeter reads exactly 0.
	
In both of these steps, the multimeter reading will pass through an inflection point as the pot is turned (i.e. the voltage will go from negative to positive, through zero).

7) Remove the multimeter, and attach a BNC cable from the Sampled-Out socket to the oscilloscope with a 50ohm load (this simulates the 50ohm load present on the CAEN ADC)
8) Attach the Trigger-Out socket via BNC to the Sepia box's external trigger socket, and take a branch to the oscilloscope, now with a 1Mohm load on the scope (this waveform can actually be turned off since viewing it is not actually required)
9) Set the scope to trigger off the RISING EDGE of the Trigger-Out channel

-- see "Monitoring_PMT_Setup.jpg" for visual aid
10) Adjust the Timing Pot (located on the digital board) to give the maximum Sampled-Out voltage on the scope
	- adjusting the timing pot will have the following effects:
	a) it will change the width of the Trigger-Out pulse, but since the scope is triggering off the rising edge of the Trigger-Out signal, this edge will remain fixed in time
	   (i.e. only the falling edge of the Trigger-Out pulse will shift)
	b) it will increase or decrease the Sampled-Out signal's hold-voltage value - this will go through a maximum value as the pot is adjusted

--------------------------------------------------


Once all of these steps are performed, the MPU's lid can be replaced and screwed back on.
The MPU is now ready for use.
